Privacy Policy for OptACADEMIA

Privacy Policy
Last updated: August 10, 2023


By downloading or using OptACADEMIA app, these terms will automatically apply to you – you should make sure therefore that you read them carefully before using the app. You’re not allowed to copy or modify the app, any part of the app, or our trademarks in any way. You’re not allowed to attempt to extract the source code of the app, and you also shouldn’t try to translate the app into other languages or make derivative versions. The app itself, and all the trademarks, copyright, database rights, and other intellectual property rights related to it, still belong to OptACADEMIA.
This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of Your information 
when You use the Service and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You.

We use Your Personal data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, 
You agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

Interpretation and Definitions
Interpretation
The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.

Service refers to the Application.
The application allows students to generate payment authorizations

Personal Data collected

For this application, we only collect three personal data.

- the student code or the email address for authentication.
- the ID of the phone to manage the security part of the application.
- username and password 
- email and phone
- full name
- the image of the user profile.

Transfer of Your Personal Data

Your information, including Personal Data, is processed at the Company's operating offices and in any other places where 
the parties involved in the processing are located. It means that this information may be transferred to — and maintained on — 
computers located outside of Your state, province,
country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from Your jurisdiction.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by Your submission of such information represents Your agreement to that transfer.
The Company will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that Your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy 
Policy and no transfer of Your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place 
including the security of Your data and other personal information.

Delete Your Personal Data
the user does not have the right to personally delete his information, if it happens that you want to delete your personal data,
you send a deletion request email to the address (cgiibnndev2023@gmail.com)..
for avoid any kind of system disruption...and your request will be quickly answered


Business Transactions
If the Company is involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, Your Personal Data may be transferred. 
We will provide notice before Your Personal Data is transferred and becomes subject to a different Privacy Policy.

Law enforcement
Under certain circumstances, the Company may be required to disclose Your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).

Other legal requirements
The Company may disclose Your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:

Comply with a legal obligation
Protect and defend the rights or property of the Company
Prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
Protect the personal safety of Users of the Service or the public
Protect against legal liability
Security of Your Personal Data
The security of Your Personal Data is important to Us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While We strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect Your Personal Data, We cannot guarantee its absolute security.

Children's Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13. If You are a parent or guardian and You are aware that Your child has provided Us with Personal Data, please contact Us. If We become aware that We have collected Personal Data from anyone under the age of 13 without verification of parental consent, We take steps to remove that information from Our servers.

If We need to rely on consent as a legal basis for processing Your information and Your country requires consent from a parent, We may require Your parent's consent before We collect and use that information.

Links to Other Websites
Our Service may contain links to other websites that are not operated by Us. If You click on a third party link, You will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise You to review the Privacy Policy of every site You visit.

We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
With respect to Cgiibnn’s responsibility for your use of the app, when you’re using the app, it’s important to bear in mind that although we endeavor to ensure that it is updated and correct at all times, we do rely on third parties to provide information to us so that we can make it available to you. Cgiibnn accepts no liability for any loss, direct or indirect, you experience as a result of relying wholly on this functionality of the app.


Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may update Our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify You of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

We will let You know via email and/or a prominent notice on Our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "Last updated" date at the top of this Privacy Policy.

You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.


At some point, we may wish to update the app. The app is currently available on Android & iOS – the requirements for the both systems(and for any additional systems we decide to extend the availability of the app to) may change, and you’ll need to download the updates if you want to keep using the app. Cgiibnn does not promise that it will always update the app so that it is relevant to you and/or works with the Android & iOS version that you have installed on your device. However, you promise to always accept updates to the application when offered to you, We may also wish to stop providing the app, and may terminate use of it at any time without giving notice of termination to you. Unless we tell you otherwise, upon any termination, (a) the rights and licenses granted to you in these terms will end; (b) you must stop using the app, and (if needed) delete it from your device.




Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, You can contact us:

By email: cgiibnndev2023@gmail.com
